So here is the details or java file which is defined inside the package electricity.
We have imported the necessary pack of packages.
Those are a swing scale and planet scale dot db utils.
This package is basically provided in this rs two example dot jar library.
So make sure that this is present in your library.
Section.
Now we have defined the building class.
Which is extending from a table or table type of instance to even a string x, which is containing meter
number, month units, total blend status, and a string y which is of 48 array two dimensionality and
a string x is a single dimensional string y is a two dimensional array of a string type.
Now integer I and J set a set to zero belittles constructor is taking a parameter of a string type.
Now its headed will be set as build details, setting the size of the window, setting the location
of the window, layout as null background color as white, and the table initializing the table by providing
the two dimensional array y and x as the number of columns.
Now inside private block, we have established the connection.
As by using our broken class and a string select abstract from below where matrix equals to meet the
number and results that dot dots dot execute query.
So this statement will execute the query which we have written in as one is string.
Based on the meta number and its set model, it will set the model of the table for our window inside
the cache block.
The exception will be handled here.
We have defined the scroll pane.
Initialize the scroll pane for the table instance T1 setting the bound for the scroll pin and adding
that to scroll into our window.
Inside the main function, we have initialized the object of the building and setting its visibility
to true.
Now let's move to the next class, which is a generated build class.
So in this class we have defined it's inside the package electricity important, the necessary package
swing as well and JWT and JWT event defining the generated class.
It is extending frame and implementing Excel listener interface two types of label element and area
to one text area that is a one button of type button of instance name as given choice C to Japan LP
one and a string type of variable that is a meta generate build constructor is taking a parameter constructor
which is taking a meter that is a string type is string or type of variable setting the size for the
window layout as a border layout and P1 as initializing the new panel, initializing the new label as
generated bill second label as the meter, which is the variable which will be passed during the calling
of this constructor or this class.
So that will be passed to the label two and C two as a choice which will contain all the months to get
selected for which the bill has to be generated.
This is generated which will be done by the admin actually.
So t one is a new text area.
Inside the text area we have written some text that is the generate bill button to get the bill select
to the month.
So scroll panel, JSP type.
It is a scroll panel, a scroll pane for the table, even setting the font of the table generating.
There is a button that is state as generated, adding L1, L2 and C2 to the panel and adding the panel
to a window to the north side of the window and the JSP to the center.
JSP is a scroll pane for the table, so that will be fixed at the center and the button at the south
position.
So now we want zealousness.
So we have added the action listener to our button and setting the location for the window.
Now what happens when the button generate will will be pressed.
So connection will be created first of all, with the database and from the See to Choice option, we
will select the item that will be month which is being selected and even dot set text.
So it will send the text of inside the table.
Reliance, Power Limited.
That is a simple text and after that we will execute the result of the query that is select aspect from
customer.
Well meter is equal to meters, so this will fetch the data of the customers where for which the meter
number will be similar.
And for the next row in the database it will append in table the these details.
So in day one it will append these details like customer name, customer name get by getting name from
the database meter number by getting meeting meter from the database.
Similarly, address is state city email phone number and this will be a similarly dotted line for the
format and the new line.
In the table.
So this is how the bill will be generated.
Now, in the results set, there is another query we have issued select asset form meta info where meta
number is because now it will fetch the record from the meta info table where the meta number will be
seen again.
Iterating on the next row for that table in the database, it will append the meta location, meta type,
phase, code, build type and days and the new line the table t one.
Now from the tag section, it will similarly fetch the cost per unit meta rent service charge, service
stacks, such policies and fixed attacks.
Then it will append the new line.
Similarly, for the build section, check for the meter and for the month, which is selected from the
choice section and if asked next.
Similarly, it will fetch the record for month units total bill and it will append the total table bill
for resort get string total bill from the database now.
If any exception occurred, then it will be handled by the catch block inside the main function.
We have created a new generate will object with settings visible to.
Now the last Java file for our this project inside the electricity package that is last built on Java.
So this is defined inside the electricity package.
We have imported the required packages, a WWT event, swing and SQL.
So the last bill extends J frame and implements the Excel listener class j label l1g.
Text Area t one.
J Button one and Choice seven and Penelope one instance.
These are the instances and the last constructor is a non parameter constructor.
So setting the size for the window, first of all frame and setting the layout as a border layout,
initializing the panel, initializing the element that is a label.
L1 is a label labelled as Generate.
Bill seven is a choice and the choice is.
Here.
And it has this these numbers and these are the choices.
Stephen.
What next?
New Jade text area.
So it is a text area initialized here.
Scroll pane initialized on the basis of the T1.
That's the table setting the font for the table font, family font type and font size new button that
labeled as general table.
B one dot ad label, adding label to the panel, adding label, adding choice to the panel setting adding
the panel into the frame to the north side setting.
The JSP can scroll up into the center and adding the button to the south and B1 add action listener
adding the extension to the button and setting the location of the.
Different window now inside the action performed.
We had first established the connection inside the trie block executing the query select aspect from
MP where meter number is.
Seven Don't get selected item.
So here we have selected the customer from name meter, number X, address, state, city, email and
phone and appended the next.
This is a formatted line and appended the next line.
Now details of the last will.
It is appended in the table.
Next query is select extract from build where meter number is goes to seven get selected item it rated
on that result set query from the build where meter number will be matched from the selected item and
even not append.
It goes to start string month.
Getting a string for the month from the bill database and getting a string as amount from the bill database.
So this will be generated the last bill of for particular customer.
Now catch block will work as catching the exception.
And here is the void main function which is the setting forming the last bill object and setting its
visibility to true.
So these are the three Java classes.
First will be build details, which is showing the details how an admin user can check its build details
and the generate build will be generated by the admin used by the admins to generate the bill for any
particular customer using the meter number.
And the last bill is used by the customer to check its last bill, paid or not.
So these are the last three classes of this project.
In the next video, we will learn about we will know about the running of this program and we will see
how it is running and working on these models, which we have just discussed in the previous videos,
like all these classes.
So we will try to run and check how it is running.